This is an important
notice! It should
therefore be located at
the beginning of this
document!

This part of the
document has stayed the
same from version to
version.  It shouldn't
be shown if it doesn't
change.  Otherwise, that
would not be helping to
compress anything.

It is important to spell
check this document. On
the other hand, a
misspelled word isn't
the end of the world.
Nothing in the rest of
this paragraph needs to
be changed. Things can
be added after it.

This paragraph contains
important new additions
to this document.

Source of Text: 
Diff. (2014, August 26). 
In Wikipedia, 
The Free Encyclopedia.
 Retrieved 10:14, 
September 24, 2014, 
from http://en.wikipedia.org
/w/index.php?title=Diff
&oldid=622929855
